Columns
1. Date - Mainly used to tell what happened that day, LIke confirmed, recovered, Other, Other, and tested (It is just a day)
2. State - Only have the data of the State name(Just some states 
and then India)
One thing, first the state was Kerala, then India, then Kerala, Telangana, and then India, and three states including them and India.

(Doubt why Kerala first, and then Kerala, Telangana, then so on) ->
Need to understand who got the first COVID(validate it first). and also why the change in date is irregular.
Does it include all the states on a particular date? (Does it mean that at that time, only some states got COVID?)

One thing I understood - the Indian state mainly represents the cumulative of all the states' features. 


3. Confirm column - It is the column that tells us on the day how many people got COVID after Testing. 

4. Recovered column - It is the column that tells us who all recovered from Confirmed.
But a problem, on that particular day, the recovered ones are the ones that got confirmed before( So based on that, think and solve).
5. Same for deceased
6. What is the other column?
7. Tested column - Tells us how many people are tested, but these tested people won't get confirmed on that day. So mind it( Try to solve this problem).


Goal:
Understand the spread, recovery, and severity of COVID-19 across Indian states over time.
But why?

(The above things, which I did all by myself. not Ai. Now try to find the next questions using AI)
Insight 1 - There isn't any specific input and output (Used AI to find input and output)
Insight 2 - Confirmed, Recovered, Tested are cumalative. But there is India row. where it shows the sum. (Check Data type of column soultion)
Insight 3 - The " Tested should be changed because the India rows should be the filled with Total testcases on each rows above the India row
Insight 4 - Active Column should be added ( Check the Relationship Point).
Insight 5 - This is the story. People → Tested → Confirmed → Recovered / Deceased.
Insight 6 - The tested column wouldn't be taken as the column tested today or not.

Insight 7 - Use interpolation ONLY IF:
- You convert cumulative → daily values
- Daily values look smooth
- Missing values are between valid points

Now Metrics finding
Absolute Metrics - Show How much and How many? 
Ans - Total States, Total Confirmed Cases, Total Recoveries, Total Deaths, Total Tested and all

Ratio Metrics - Tells How much efficient and all is the Performance of Metrics
Compares two Quantities
Ans - Confirm rate , Deceased Rate , Recovery Rate. First Calcualte total rate , then state rate and compare them
(Confirm Rate hasn't been found because the test values have Null, and unordered and unorganized)
State Metric - Try to tell Current State. (Not needed now)
Timing Metric - Metric tells us how over time the Confirm, Death and Recovery and all change rate changes, first compare them normally and then by state.

One more insight, the data is till October 2021.
